Document breaking change for Kestrel log message attributes (#22604)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/compatibility/aspnet-core/6.0/kestrel-log-message-attributes-changed.md

---
title: "Breaking change: Kestrel: Log message attributes changed"
description: "Learn about the breaking change in ASP.NET Core 6.0 titled Kestrel: Log message attributes changed"
author: scottaddie
ms.author: scaddie
ms.date: 02/01/2021
---
# Kestrel: Log message attributes changed

> Kestrel log messages have associated IDs and names. These attributes uniquely identify different kinds of log messages. Some of those IDs and names were incorrectly duplicated. This duplication problem is being fixed in .NET 6.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kestrel log messages have associated IDs and names. These attributes uniquely identify different kinds of log messages. Some of those IDs and names were incorrectly duplicated. This duplication problem is fixed in ASP.NET Core 6.0.
```
